# Planetary Motion Simulation

At the beginning of the simulation the planes are ordered in a straight line downwards from the Sun which is placed at the center of the screen. The distances between the planets are proportionally correct. Although the radius of planets are proportionally accurate to each other (except the Sun it is represented as a small yellow dot) they are not accurately related to the distances between planets as they would not be visible in that case. In the program the planets don’t have an elliptic shape and are represented as circles. Moreover, the shape of the orbits is not elliptic as in the real world, but is represented as circles. At the start of the simulation planets have velocies to the right, so they are doing counter-clockwise rotation. The asteroid is placed 51012m above the Sun. The asteroid in the program is shown as Red circle. 
All the measurements in the program are used in meters and seconds. The position from the asteroid is released at selected angles from -90° degrees to 90° related to the asteroid-sun line. The mass of the asteroid is selected from 1.0e + 3 kg up to 1.0e + 09kg. Asteroid itself has initial velocity which also has bounds from 0m/s to 50000 m/s. Obviously the simulation is not running in real time. The speed of simulation can be changed in the range of 277 h/s (hours per second) to 111111 h/s, where for example for the value of 500 h/s the simulation’s 1 second would constitute 500 hours in real time. The time passed since the start of simulation is displayed in earth days. When the asteroid approaches one of the planets even the Sun can change its direction because of its gravitational attraction’s effect on our asteroid(if it has sufficient mass) on the Sun. Moreover, the user can toggle between static or moving Sun.
